P5-165: Added a section about dependability (#95)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/3.Theory/Dependability.tex

\section{Dependability}

> Dependability in a Real Time System is divided into two fields, hardware and software. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependability in a real-time system is divided into two fields: hardware and software. 
```

> Dependability in a real-time system is divided into two fields: hardware and software. 

Reviewer 2: I like categories maybe instead of fields, but actually, fields is fine.

Reviewer: categories is neato

> In the following subsections the different methods and techniques used to achieve dependability.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following subsections, the different methods and techniques used to achieve dependability will be elaborated upon.  
```

> In order to understand and achieve dependability an fundamental understanding about faults is needed and will hence also be covered in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to understand and achieve dependability, a fundamental understanding in regards to faults is needed, which will therefore be covered in this section.
```

> Then dealing with dependability of a system, a key observation to be made is what defines the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When dealing with dependability of a system, a key observation to be made is what defines the system. 
```

\begin{quote}
\textbf{System}: A system is an entity that interacts with other entities, i.e., other systems, including hardware, software, humans, and the physical world with its natural phenomena.
These systems are the environment of the given system. 
- John Knight \cite{FundementalsOfDependableComputingForSoftwareEngineers}
\end{quote}
It is said that a system is a system composed of systems, that are composed of systems and so on. 

> However there are a system boundary between all the systems that composes the system and the system itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there is a system boundary between all the systems that composes the system and the system itself. 
```

> Hence dividing the system into a subject system and the systems in the environment. 

Reviewer: Er ikke sikker på hvad den her sætning siger

Author: Det er fra bogen, som forsøger at skelne mellem at der er selve systemet og alle de underlæggende systemer der opbygger det første system.

> This is important to notice then evaluating the dependability of the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is important to notice when evaluating the dependability of the system. 
```

> It is inherent that a system that is composed of an independent system can never be more dependent then that system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is inherent that a system, which is composed of an independent system, can never be more dependent than that system. 
```

> It is inherent that a system, which is composed of an independent system, can never be more dependent than that system. 

Reviewer 2: Is the more correct word not implicit? not inherent?

Reviewer: ^ I agree with this stuff

> Then ever a system does not provided the service its requirements specified it should deliver it is said that the system has a service failure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a system does not provided the service specified by its requirements, it is said that the system has a service failure. 
```

> Whenever a system does not provided the service specified by its requirements, it is said that the system has a service failure. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever a system does not provide the service specified by its requirements, it is said that the system has a service failure. 
```

> Once a service failure is observed as an direct result of an error with was activated by a fault. 

Reviewer: ehh, what

\subsection{Faults}

> There are broadly speaking different kinds of faults: degradation faults, design faults and byzantine faults. 

Reviewer 3: source

> There are in general three different kinds of faults; degradation, design and byzantine faults. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are broadly speaking different kinds of faults: degradation faults, design faults and byzantine faults. 
```

> There are broadly speaking different kinds of faults: degradation faults, design faults and byzantine faults. 

Reviewer 2: I don't like broadly speaking, don't know what to change it to.

> An degradation fault is a result of the wear and tear of the hardware components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An degradation fault is a result of the natural wear and tear of the hardware components.
```

> An degradation fault is a result of the natural wear and tear of the hardware components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A degradation fault is a result of the natural wear and tear of the hardware components.
```

> An design fault is, as the name implies, an fault that is caused by an error or poor decision made doing the design phase of the component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A design fault is, as the name implies, an fault that is caused by an error or poor decision made during the design phase of the component. 
```

> A design fault is, as the name implies, an fault that is caused by an error or poor decision made during the design phase of the component. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A design fault is, as the name implies, a fault that is caused by an error or poor decision made during the design phase of the component. 
```

> An byzantine fault is when a component of the system or a system it self that behaves in an unexpected way. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A byzantine fault is when a component of the system, or a system in its entirety, behaves in an unexpected way. 
```

er det den helt rigtige definition af en byzatine fault?

Author: Det er en lidt løsskrevet oversættelse af 8 sider i bogen...

> The byzantine fault are the hardest to detect and correct since their behaviour is by definition unpredictable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Byzantine fault are the hardest to detect and correct since their behavior is by definition unpredictable. 
```

> Byzantine fault are the hardest to detect and correct since their behavior is by definition unpredictable. 

Reviewer 2: Faults no? One fault, more faults.
```suggestion
Byzantine faults are the hardest to detect and correct since their behavior is by definition unpredictable. 
```

> By unpredictable behaviour means that a component might return some state when asked to complete some task and return a different state when asked the same task. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An unpredictable behavior means that a component might return some state when asked to complete some task and return a different state when asked the same task. 
```

Meget vague sætning tror jeg

There are different ways of detecting a byzantine fault, but since it is outside the scope of this project it will not be covered. 

> In order to lower the risk of these faults there are four different methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to lower the risk of these faults there are four different methods of fault handling:
```

> In order to lower the risk of these faults there are four different methods of fault handling:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to decrease the risk of these faults there are four different methods of fault handling:
```

\begin{itemize}
\item Fault avoidance
\item Fault elimination
\item Fault tolerance
\item Fault forecasting
\end{itemize}

> \textit{\textbf{Fault avoidance}} focuses on the process of the system development, where the developer should focus on avoiding faults in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textit{\textbf{Fault avoidance}} focuses on the process of the system development, where the developer should focus on avoiding faults in the system happening in the first place.
```

> \textit{\textbf{Fault avoidance}} focuses on the process of the system development, where the developer should focus on avoiding faults in the system happening in the first place.

Reviewer 3: source

> \textit{\textbf{Fault elimination}} focuses on correction the faults that has been found in the system that can be corrected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textit{\textbf{Fault elimination}} focuses on the correction of the faults that have been found in the system, which can be corrected. 
```

> \textit{\textbf{Fault elimination}} focuses on the correction of the faults that have been found in the system, which can be corrected. 

Reviewer 3: source

> \textit{\textbf{Fault tolerance}} focuses on faults that might not be corrected within an given time period or budget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textit{\textbf{Fault tolerance}} focuses on faults that might not be corrected within an given time period or budget, but are not too serious to tolerate.
```

> \textit{\textbf{Fault tolerance}} focuses on faults that might not be corrected within an given time period or budget, but are not too serious to tolerate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\textit{\textbf{Fault tolerance}} focuses on faults that might not be corrected within a given time period or budget, but are not too serious to tolerate.
```

> \textit{\textbf{Fault tolerance}} focuses on faults that might not be corrected within an given time period or budget, but are not too serious to tolerate.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the tailend of this sentence

> A decision has to be made whether the fault is deemed not critical for the overall function of the system if so the fault is said to be tolerated.

Reviewer 3: source

> An decision has to be made whether the fault is deemed not critical for the overall function of the system if so the fault is said to be tolerated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A decision has to be made whether the fault is deemed not critical for the overall function of the system if so the fault is said to be tolerated.
```

> An decision has to be made whether the fault is deemed not critical for the overall function of the system if so the fault is said to be tolerated.

Reviewer 2: Might actually just be a dot that is required (newline)
```suggestion
An decision has to be made whether the fault is deemed not critical for the overall function of the system; if so the fault is said to be tolerated.
```

> \textit{\textbf{Fault forecasting}} focuses on predicting the occurrence of and fault if the fault is forecasted to be very unlikely to happen it might be allowed to exist in the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textit{\textbf{Fault forecasting}} focuses on predicting the occurrence of a fault, and if the fault is forecasted to be very unlikely to happen it may be allowed to exist in the system. 
```

> \textit{\textbf{Fault forecasting}} focuses on predicting the occurrence of a fault, and if the fault is forecasted to be very unlikely to happen it may be allowed to exist in the system. 

Reviewer 3: source

\subsection{Conclusion}

> Since this project is not developed to be put into use at the end of the project period the dependability is not deemed as en essential part of the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this project is not designed to be put into a real world use use at the end of the project period, the dependability is not deemed as an essential part of the system. 
```

> However should the system be put in to use the system should be redesigned and reimplemented with dependability in mind. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, should the system be put into use, it should be modified with dependability in mind. 
```

> Since this project is not designed to be put into a real world use use at the end of the project period, the dependability is not deemed as an essential part of the system. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
Since this project is not designed to be used in the real world, but rather just to demonstrate the concept, the dependability is not deemed as an essential part of the system. 
```
